let's be honest we've all made mistakes
but if you could go back in time what
would you do differently to have less
regrets and be more successful
well I travel to four Ivy League schools
such as Harvard and MIT to ask the
students what's the one piece of advice
you have for your younger self I would
say don't put yourself in a box of what
you think you want to do in the future
and just really really explore all your
different options before you settle down
on one specific thing when you're a
freshman in college really just try to
do every single class you could possibly
take even if you think you'll never be
interested in it because you'll never
know what interests you mmm I like that
to enjoy life a little bit more I think
I studied a lot during high school and I
don't think I had as many fond high
school memories is like a lot of people
so advice to myself it'd be to live a
little do you think you could have lived
a little and still gotten good grades to
come here yeah I think so because a lot
of the time I feel like I was
procrastinating studying but instead of
if I just like worked hard and then just
relax later it's like actually like did
stuff because like we say we're sitting
for like five hours but my actions three
hours yeah be patient because I don't
know about you but when I was applying
to different schools I just wanted to
know right then which schools I got into
and like what school I would be going to
but you know it takes a while for them
to get back to you because they all have
like the different schools have
different decision dates and at the end
of the day I just think that everything
works out how it should you'll be where
you should be how did you feel when you
got your MIT acceptance letter I was a
little shocked I cried a little bit you
got it I wanted to be here so bad you
know like only so many people could be
here yeah it's a crapshoot at the other
day don't stress about exams poor
some things like that and really what if
what if you're not doing well like
they're important they're a good measure
of your aptitude but I think if you if
you stumble and you do poorly you
shouldn't take it as a reflection of
your personal self right there's a lot
of factors that go into your life and
it's gonna feel like the entire world is
crumbling if you do poorly on one exam
at one point but it's not true you're
not gonna remember it five ten years
later if you're not doing well what can
you do just study hard or always reach
out to people I think the the worst
thing you can do is to internalize it
and keep everything to yourself and kind
of just like explode internally there's
always gonna be someone who cares right
like professors care your friends care
for sure your family's gonna care
there's some there's some going to be
there even if they're not in the fields
or if they're not students themselves
like just let it out and tell people
that you're struggling and I think the
help will come to you I think just
taking more risks because I'm a
naturally very risk averse person so
coming into Brown I was like I know
exactly what I'm going to take I did all
my research so I did less exploring
especially compared to Jenny I think it
would have been nice to have a broader
range of like courses and those could be
two different interests okay I think my
advice would be to drink more water no
you did not say that this is a great I'd
say like I started drinking more water
and everything in my life has become
better it's made my skin nicer my I feel
more alive like do you finish the whole
jug want like one gallon is it two days
you drink one of
Sam how are you gonna beat that I'd say
that's pretty good you can clearly see
by my size what would you tell your
younger self get more involved but there
is like a balance there's a healthy
balance of getting involved so a lot of
freshmen overcome it and then there's
freshmen like me that under commit so
you gotta find that middle ground okay
your high school friends are going to
continue being a part of your life but
they shouldn't be the people that you go
to for support like when college life is
hard I feel like my freshman year I
relied a lot on a strong friend group
that I had back then which kind of kept
me from finding a place here until
sophomore year that was when I got to
know like the people around me that have
made my Columbia experience so great
made me feel like I belong here rather
than elsewhere and a part of that is
just because you have so much time spent
with your high school friends you feel
more comfortable but then like they're
all over the place and it's not as easy
as having a support group locally where
you can just like maybe go study with
them at 12 a.m.
yeah yeah right okay thank you that's
very helpful and there is one mistake
you should never make and that's not
subscribing to this channel and turning
on the notifications
click to watch another video I'll see
you next